Document VTTRegion instance properties (#44494)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/vttregion/vttregion/index.md

---
title: "VTTRegion: VTTRegion() constructor"
short-title: VTTRegion()
slug: Web/API/VTTRegion/VTTRegion
page-type: web-api-constructor
browser-compat: api.VTTRegion.VTTRegion
---

{{APIRef("WebVTT")}}

> The **`VTTRegion()`** constructor creates and returns a new {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} object.

Reviewer: Nitpick — make sure the descriptions on the `VTTRegion` landing page match the descriptions on the member detail pages. This is different on the landing page.

Personally, I would go for 

```suggestion
The **`VTTRegion()`** constructor creates a new {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} object instance.
```

Which is the form I always use on constructor pages. But I'm not sure if that's complete standard. Probably not thyat important, anyway.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
new VTTRegion()
```

### Parameters

None.

### Return value

> A new {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} object.

Reviewer: Would it be worth listing the starting values of the `VTTRegion` properties, as mentioned here: https://w3c.github.io/webvtt/#dom-vttregion-vttregion ?
